# Online-Shopping-Database
    The project represents the database created aiming to help clients out there who are having difficulties with their applications or systems. One of the potential clients is a client who are working in a multinational technology company which focuses mainly on e-commerce. The client aims to create a shopping app platform where many stores can register under this app for selling purposes and promotes their business. There are many potential customers out there. However, without proper approach, even a big multinational technology company may not be able to grasp the attention of the audiences. Clients with insufficient customer data may not be able to use the information gathered to create targeted lists that will be used for directing marketing efforts. Both in-store and online businesses collect customer data for a variety of reasons. Collecting customer data allows a company to enhance a customer’s shopping experience, making the customer more satisfied and increasing the company’s revenue. In short, it benefits both the business and the consumer. Without the customer data being visible to the company, it would be very difficult for the company to advertise related products to their consumer and to gain revenue from it. As there is a large amount of data to store and manage, the company is having difficulty keeping track of it. It will be difficult to evaluate massive volumes of data rapidly and respond and update in response to changing market conditions. One of the most significant functions of a database for an e-commerce site is transaction tracking and management. Clients found it difficult to keep the transactional information such as payment method, total amount payable, and e-wallet balance between customer and seller that use this e-commerce platform. With the help of the database, it can keep track of inventory, including what's in stock and what's not, as well as billing, shipment statuses, purchase orders, and more. There are more than thousands of products available for sale, so it will be difficult to keep track of the stocks and prices of them all, especially during promotions where there will be higher sales than usual. Updating the descriptions of each product on every site will also be difficult as there are a lot of products to keep track of. As to enclose the introduction, our team hope that the database system we created will help those who are experiencing difficulties pertaining to handling consumer’s data.
